Because I have a background in philosophy.
I love asking these big questions but
what does it all mean man,
what really are variables man [LAUGH] so,
let's talk about it.
Let's talk about variables, what are they?
Sometimes you might hear or
maybe you've seen if you've
encountered other books or
courses on JavaScript.
You might hear people describe variables
as like boxes that contain values.
Have folks, I'm seeing some nods maybe
this is ringing some bells for folks.
That is one way that sometimes folks find
it helpful to think about variables.
Personally, I think that and a few other
people in the JavaScript community,
thinks that that's maybe a little bit
misleading to think about variables as
containing values because sometimes
that can create a mental model
in our minds that doesn't really line
up with what JavaScript is doing.
Which can trip us up sometimes and
cause us to have unexpected
things in our programs.
So I think it's more useful, and this is
why when we were whiteboarding earlier, we
talked about variables pointing to values,
or you could also say referencing values.
In JavaScript, when I name a variable and
I assign a value to it,
JavaScript is seeing that variable
name as a pointer to whatever
value I asked it to remember.
Now because I'm sort of old I
kind of think about this like
speed dial on a phone.
Which is the thing that we don't really
have anymore because [LAUGH] you we don't
need to anymore, but it used to be that
you could have a few different speed
dial numbers on your landline and you
could press one of them like the Simpsons,
I guess did.
And get a certain number just dialed for
you.
Nowadays maybe this is more like adding
a contact to your contact book or contact,
I don't know app or whatever it is,
you're iCloud Drive I don't know [LAUGH].
I think about variables as
sort of @!a new contact in our
address book that is associated
with a particular phone number so
like 555555, 5555,
I can save that number as
a contact in my contact book.
And I could maybe change
the name of that contact or
maybe my contact changed their
phone number and got a new number.
What they're not going to do is kind
of edit their number a little bit or
something like that.
So what we really have here is an
association between the name that I have
this person saved as in my phone and
the phone number which is what my phone is
actually gonna dial when I try to dial
this person using their name and my phone.
When I say hey Siri I
don't have an iPhone.
But let's say I did,
hey Siri, call Stephen.
That's going to dial a certain number
that is associated with Stephen in my
address book.
So, this is kind of a mental picture that
I use as opposed to the container picture.
Is more of a pointer or
an address book kind of picture.